with five specifically for agriculture
underlines developed models
chase idea that you as the farmers
customer not only discovered but
Also seriously takes next to biogas plants
Wheel loaders are also in the payroll business
increasingly in demand and
busy, that's why we have that
current top model of jaycee like the
435 s ag sent to silo at
Wheel loaders are different
basically between two types
machines with hydro state or with
Hydrostatic transducers are far away
spreads the higher the goal all the more
they have to fight more
due to the poorer power transmission
they completely lost their ability to climb
unlike our test candidate chelsea
like he has one
torque converter this works
hydrodynamic allows a gentle
approach and smooth gear changes
This saves fuel and increases comfort
on the silo but also when loading and
on the street around the high efficiency
the converter can be improved in
the transducers bypass each gear
Activate the clutch that works
button pressure in the left operating bar
so the power is transmitted even better
and the ability to climb on the
growing silo rent improved
Generally, the 435 is in discipline
mountaineering a good figure
with an average of 35 cubic meters
we had maissilage delivered
no problem
the shredded food with one go
to distribute
unlike the tractor with
Sliding plate can pass through the loader
lifting the bucket the weight nicely
pull on the front axle and get
so that the power is better on the soft
underground with its 14 two tons
Without attachment, the compression was also possible
performance satisfactory in the test
have the individual proven ones
components of the 435 rsag good
played together
the 6 7-liter kamenz makes 230
ps at 2000 turns a maximum
torque of 949 newton meters
already at 1600 tours
The engine meets animal 4 interim means
diesel particulate filter diesel
oxidation catalyst and
exhaust gas recirculation are a nice feature
the maximum speed limit per
Button pressure limits the engine
1,800 revolutions
That's how you brake with light work
a little loose gas feet and
By the way, this saves you on
loader for 30 seconds a function
it automatically lowers the speed
700 revolutions in idling off the
gear like the six of zf has six
transitions
You can be left at the turn signal lever
next to the steering wheel by switching the
handle turns that is something unusual with
various automatic modes can all
six courses to the maximum
speed of 40 kilometers per hour
automatically be switched through
it is only controlled by the accelerator pedal
the axes come from zf and have one
Maintenance interval of 1500 hours
They have planets and drives
and on each wheel sits a wet oil bath
Slats brake is the basic equipment
the open axle with 12 percent more
worth installing
but there are also axes with slats
locking differential with 30 who joins
our machine was an automatic
we would be installed axle
It works without steering angle sensors
and turns with a spear worth
from 100 percent automatically to when the
torque and speed differences too
grow up
an argument for the wheel loader is his
stately hydraulic performance of
a total of 264 liters per minute
for that he was finally constructed
on four terminals can be additional equipment
to be mounted on the swingarm
the cultivation is easy the view is good
the two load sensing pumps each
132 lbs per minute give the swingarm
in 4.4 seconds
the additional functions are operated
are directly on the joystick with buttons
tools on the swing you drive in
435 It is very comfortable on the road
without a tool, unfortunately, it rocks
quite strong on the automatic too
vibration eradication does a good job
the central lubrication system lubricates all
points automatically only to the cross
You still have to joint the cardan shaft
hand ran
the daily effort is so
manageable the flap on the tail
Restrict far enough in maintenance
position on at all
to control operating fluids
nice it would be the air filter over the
platform to the left of the cabin
reach here
the stand is a little better than on
the package helped the cooler in the rear is
sufficiently large
the air becomes timely and after
sucked in the back against extra charge
The fan turns in a tight
interval backwards and blows the
air intakes is driven freely
fan hydraulically the cabin is
comfortable and nice and quiet
the joystick for the swingarm is not
integrated into an armrest as it is
knows of tractors but on the
Right console built up the arm can
but on an adjustable pad
lay
through the slim dashboard is
the view forward very well in the digital
You can walk away from the display
diesel consumption and remaining range
show a passenger seat there
Unfortunately it does not have the air conditioning and that
radio only for an additional amount, a new
Cabin with more features comes with the
Revised 2016 series coming
for more information read the
traction issue july august 2015